website/src/content/docs/rules/index.mdx, before:

---
title: List of rules
description: A complete list of all the rules for HTMLHint
---

## Doctype and Head

- [`doctype-first`](doctype-first/): `<doctype>` must be declared first.
- [`doctype-html5`](doctype-html5/): `<doctype>` must be HTML5.
- [`head-script-disabled`](head-script-disabled/): The `<script>` tag cannot be used in `<head>` tag.
- [`html-lang-require`](html-lang-require/): The HTML lang attribute is required.
- [`meta-charset-require`](meta-charset-require/): `<meta charset="">` must be present in `<head>` tag.
- [`meta-description-require`](meta-description-require/): `<meta name="description">` with non-blank content must be present in `<head>` tag.
- [`meta-viewport-require`](meta-viewport-require/): `<meta name="viewport">` with non-blank content must be present in `<head>` tag.
- [`script-disabled`](script-disabled/): `<script>` tags cannot be used.
- [`style-disabled`](style-disabled/): `<style>` tags cannot be used.
- [`title-require`](title-require/): `<title>` must be present in `<head>` tag.

## Attributes

- [`alt-require`](alt-require/): The alt attribute of an img element must be present and alt attribute of area[href] and input[type=image] must have a value.
- [`attr-lowercase`](attr-lowercase/): All attribute names must be in lowercase.
- [`attr-no-duplication`](attr-no-duplication/): Elements cannot have duplicate attributes.
- [`attr-no-unnecessary-whitespace`](attr-no-unnecessary-whitespace/): No spaces between attribute names and values.
- [`attr-sorted`](attr-sorted/): Attributes should be sorted in order.
- [`attr-unsafe-chars`](attr-unsafe-chars/): Attribute values cannot contain unsafe chars.
- [`attr-value-double-quotes`](attr-value-double-quotes/): Attribute values must be in double quotes.
- [`attr-value-no-duplication`](attr-value-no-duplication/): Attribute values should not contain duplicates.
- [`attr-value-not-empty`](attr-value-not-empty/): All attributes must have values.
- [`attr-value-single-quotes`](attr-value-single-quotes/): Attribute values must be in single quotes.
- [`attr-whitespace`](attr-whitespace/): No leading or trailing spaces in attribute values.
- [`button-type-require`](button-type-require/): The type attribute of a button element must be present with a valid value: "button", "submit", or "reset".
- [`input-requires-label`](input-requires-label/): All [ input ] tags must have a corresponding [ label ] tag.

## Tags

- [`empty-tag-not-self-closed`](empty-tag-not-self-closed/): The empty tag should not be closed by self.
- [`frame-title-require`](frame-title-require/): A `<frame>` or `<iframe>` element must have an accessible name.
- [`h1-require`](h1-require/): A document must have at least one `<h1>` element.
- [`href-abs-or-rel`](href-abs-or-rel/): An href attribute must be either absolute or relative.
- [`main-require`](main-require/): A document must have at least one `<main>` element in the `<body>` tag.
- [`src-not-empty`](src-not-empty/): The src attribute of an img(script,link) must have a value.
- [`tag-no-obsolete`](tag-no-obsolete/): Disallows the use of obsolete HTML tags.
- [`tag-pair`](tag-pair/): Tag must be paired.
- [`tag-self-close`](tag-self-close/): Empty tags must be self closed.
- [`tagname-lowercase`](tagname-lowercase/): All HTML element names must be in lowercase.
- [`tagname-specialchars`](tagname-specialchars/): Tag names can only contain letters, numbers, "-", ":" or "\_".
- [`tags-check`](tags-check/): Allowing specify rules for any tag and validate that

## ID

- [`id-class-ad-disabled`](id-class-ad-disabled/): The id and class attributes cannot use the ad keyword, it will be blocked by adblock software.
- [`id-class-value`](id-class-value/): The id and class attribute values must meet the specified rules.
- [`id-unique`](id-unique/): The value of id attributes must be unique.

## Inline

- [`inline-script-disabled`](inline-script-disabled/): Inline script cannot be used.
- [`inline-style-disabled`](inline-style-disabled/): Inline style cannot be used.

## Formatting

- [`space-tab-mixed-disabled`](space-tab-mixed-disabled/): Do not mix tabs and spaces for indentation.
- [`spec-char-escape`](spec-char-escape/): Special characters must be escaped.

Commit message:

Add link-rel-canonical-require rule
Introduces a new rule that enforces the presence of a <link rel="canonical"> tag with a non-blank href in the <head> element. Includes implementation, tests, documentation, and configuration updates.

Update link-rel-canonical-require.mdx

Refactor link-rel-canonical-require formatting

Improves code readability by reformatting the description string and simplifying the conditional for detecting canonical link elements.

website/src/content/docs/rules/index.mdx, after:

---
title: List of rules
description: A complete list of all the rules for HTMLHint
---

## Doctype and Head

- [`doctype-first`](doctype-first/): `<doctype>` must be declared first.
- [`doctype-html5`](doctype-html5/): `<doctype>` must be HTML5.
- [`head-script-disabled`](head-script-disabled/): The `<script>` tag cannot be used in `<head>` tag.
- [`html-lang-require`](html-lang-require/): The HTML lang attribute is required.
- [`meta-charset-require`](meta-charset-require/): `<meta charset="">` must be present in `<head>` tag.
- [`meta-description-require`](meta-description-require/): `<meta name="description">` with non-blank content must be present in `<head>` tag.
- [`meta-viewport-require`](meta-viewport-require/): `<meta name="viewport">` with non-blank content must be present in `<head>` tag.
- [`link-rel-canonical-require`](link-rel-canonical-require/): `<link rel="canonical">` with non-blank href must be present in `<head>` tag.
- [`script-disabled`](script-disabled/): `<script>` tags cannot be used.
- [`style-disabled`](style-disabled/): `<style>` tags cannot be used.
- [`title-require`](title-require/): `<title>` must be present in `<head>` tag.

## Attributes

- [`alt-require`](alt-require/): The alt attribute of an img element must be present and alt attribute of area[href] and input[type=image] must have a value.
- [`attr-lowercase`](attr-lowercase/): All attribute names must be in lowercase.
- [`attr-no-duplication`](attr-no-duplication/): Elements cannot have duplicate attributes.
- [`attr-no-unnecessary-whitespace`](attr-no-unnecessary-whitespace/): No spaces between attribute names and values.
- [`attr-sorted`](attr-sorted/): Attributes should be sorted in order.
- [`attr-unsafe-chars`](attr-unsafe-chars/): Attribute values cannot contain unsafe chars.
- [`attr-value-double-quotes`](attr-value-double-quotes/): Attribute values must be in double quotes.
- [`attr-value-no-duplication`](attr-value-no-duplication/): Attribute values should not contain duplicates.
- [`attr-value-not-empty`](attr-value-not-empty/): All attributes must have values.
- [`attr-value-single-quotes`](attr-value-single-quotes/): Attribute values must be in single quotes.
- [`attr-whitespace`](attr-whitespace/): No leading or trailing spaces in attribute values.
- [`button-type-require`](button-type-require/): The type attribute of a button element must be present with a valid value: "button", "submit", or "reset".
- [`input-requires-label`](input-requires-label/): All [ input ] tags must have a corresponding [ label ] tag.

## Tags

- [`empty-tag-not-self-closed`](empty-tag-not-self-closed/): The empty tag should not be closed by self.
- [`frame-title-require`](frame-title-require/): A `<frame>` or `<iframe>` element must have an accessible name.
- [`h1-require`](h1-require/): A document must have at least one `<h1>` element.
- [`href-abs-or-rel`](href-abs-or-rel/): An href attribute must be either absolute or relative.
- [`main-require`](main-require/): A document must have at least one `<main>` element in the `<body>` tag.
- [`src-not-empty`](src-not-empty/): The src attribute of an img(script,link) must have a value.
- [`tag-no-obsolete`](tag-no-obsolete/): Disallows the use of obsolete HTML tags.
- [`tag-pair`](tag-pair/): Tag must be paired.
- [`tag-self-close`](tag-self-close/): Empty tags must be self closed.
- [`tagname-lowercase`](tagname-lowercase/): All HTML element names must be in lowercase.
- [`tagname-specialchars`](tagname-specialchars/): Tag names can only contain letters, numbers, "-", ":" or "\_".
- [`tags-check`](tags-check/): Allowing specify rules for any tag and validate that

## ID

- [`id-class-ad-disabled`](id-class-ad-disabled/): The id and class attributes cannot use the ad keyword, it will be blocked by adblock software.
- [`id-class-value`](id-class-value/): The id and class attribute values must meet the specified rules.
- [`id-unique`](id-unique/): The value of id attributes must be unique.

## Inline

- [`inline-script-disabled`](inline-script-disabled/): Inline script cannot be used.
- [`inline-style-disabled`](inline-style-disabled/): Inline style cannot be used.

## Formatting

- [`space-tab-mixed-disabled`](space-tab-mixed-disabled/): Do not mix tabs and spaces for indentation.
- [`spec-char-escape`](spec-char-escape/): Special characters must be escaped.
